Week 1 
We formed our group, CSYeet, and chose to work on the Online Property Sales project type. We assigned roles in our group. I volunteered to be scrum master for our group. We divided tasksamong our members for the proposal. I was assigned to work on user stories. 

Week 2
As a group, we started work on the proposal. I started work on the user stories and putting stories into Jira.

Week 3
We finished off our proposal. We held several meetings to polish off our proposal to make sure it was up to our standard before submitting. 

Week 4
Started the week off by planning our first sprint which started that Monday. During the sprint, I worked on creating the listing model, listing create post endpoint, and listing get endpoint. I also worked on the search endpoint.

Week 5
I worked on the bidding information endpoint. Our sprint ended on Wednesday. That day, we had our first iteration demo in our tute. After the tute, we planned our next sprint. The next sprint started on Thursday and I picked up the star/unstar backend piece of work.

Week 6
I continued with the star/unstar story. After I finished that I worked on the bid placing endpoint and made some changes around the auction endpoint. I finished the sprint off by working on the delete listing endpoint. Our sprint ended on Sunday and we spent our Sunday meeting planning the next sprint.

Week 7
Our sprint started on Monday. I started work on some endpoints for the profile.

Week 8
I continued on the profile endpoints. I also started work on the image upload and get endpoints. I had to collaborate heavily with the frontend team for these. I managed to deliver everything on time. Our sprint ended on Wednesday where we had our demo in the tute. After the tute, we planned the next sprint. I started work on the update user endpoint.

Week 9
I finished off the update user endpoint. Did some more changes for auth to handle google sso users. Started work on the final report. Tested out our final product to report any bugs and anywhere we can polish our UI.  